									Attributes
1) PLAYERS :
	a)Batsman
		1. No Of Matches Played.
		2. No Of Not Outs.
		3. Total Runs.
		4. No Of Balls Faced.
		5. Highest Score.
		6. Average Score.     (No of runs scored / No of Outs)
		7. Strike Rate.           ( No of runs scored / No of Balls faced) * 100
		8. 100’s
		9. 50’s
		10. 4’s
		11. 6’s

	b)Bowler: 
		There are five different metrics that we have taken for the bowlers.
                        
                        Mats: No Of Matches Played 
                        
                        Inns: No Of Innings played
                        
                        Overs: No of overs bowled by a bowler in ipl


                        Runs: Runs Conceded by a bowler 


                        Wickets: No of wickets taken by a bowler 


                        4Wkts: No of 4 wickets taken by the bowler in ipl 


                        5Wkts: No of 5 wickets taken by the bowler in ipl
                         
		I)Economy = Runs Conceded / (Number of balls bowled by bowler/6).
			* It is the first measure to ensure that a player is a good bowler.  
			* In most circumstances, the lower the economy rate is, the better the bowler is performing.
                                     
        II)Wicket Taking Ability = Number of balls bowled / Wickets Taken
			* It slows down the run rate and keeps pressure on the batting team.
                                
        III)Consistency = Runs Conceded / Wickets Taken
			*  Consistent bowlers help a team get maximum wickets while keeping runs at bay.

2) Matches:   

	The attributes for matches are:-
	
		1.Venue: 			The place where the match is held between any two teams.
		
		2.Pitch : 			On Which area the match happened like Green, Dusty, Dead.

		3.Maximum Runs by batting : 	top  Runs scored by a batsman in a particular 
		
		4.Number of Wickets : 		the bowler who give less runs and took more wickets        

		5. Man of The Match :  	valuable player of match
        
	

		1.Total Strike Rate: 		The total strike rate of each innings.
		
		2.Total Wickets in Hand: 	The total number of wickets remaining for each innings.
		
		3.Strength:   			This talks about the strength of a team in either bowling or batting.
		
		4.overs bowled by bowler  :
		
		5.economy rate and strike rate for bowler and batsman :
                
         
3) Teams :
		1)Team 
		
		2)No.of Matches Played
		
		3)No.of Matches won
		
		4)Matches lost
		
		5)How many matches they have won by winning the toss


		6)How many matches they have won by electing to bat first.
		
		7)Avg score of the team 1st innings(winning)
		
		8)Avg score of the team 2nd innings(wining)
		
		9)Avg score that the team was not able to chase
		
